hi I'm today I'm doing a wig review on
free trees I'm sorry
sensational lace front wig by
sensational
it's the wig is Alexis and it is in
color DX t30 looks like this and it's DX
t30 and this is what it looks like it's
very full
okay I'm already I don't know if you can
tell I'm perspiring it's maybe it's the
lights I don't know but it's very full
like it's a lot of hair see I would say
it will come down I mean a little if I
was to stretch it out a bead to my boo
it's it looks like it's dark roots at
the bottom and then it goes into a color
and then up top it's the invisible part
with the dark roots and goes into the
light color which it would be the 30 I
did put some concealer in here to just
kind of make the part look more
realistic and I put some edge control on
my edges sorry sorry the camera so close
I use L'Oreal True Match and see six
seven and eight looks like this my light
is on don't know if you can see that
sorry sorry it's l'oreal true match six
seven eight and then I put the cream of
make cream of nature or argon oil with
the for the perfect edges so that's what
I used on my edges to cobble in demand I
did leave some it's just out from the
side a little bit to try to make it a
little more realistic it does have a
comb in the back and I believe it has
cones up here in the front too
overall this week is really nice it's
the the curl pattern is very good
I love this big full-body curl on it
it's kind of hot though I mean the
summer time you know I don't know if you
want to be able to end up waiting I
don't know if you want to be out in the
in the summer with all this hair on your
neck but let me see if I couldn't try to
turn around so you can see the back this
is the back see it goes kind of like
past the bra strap try to go to the
other side sorry
see it's very full very very full so
it's a lot of hair for the wig I got it
off of Wiig types calm for about 20
bucks well it's less than 20 bucks but
if you get the color it's an additional
two dollars extra plus the shipping so
about $30 maybe yeah give or take $30 it
take it took it took a while to get here
because it's coming from New York so if
you're in the New York area or around
the surrounding area you may get a
little quicker I'm in Texas so it took
almost a week to get to me but it is I
love the wig it's really nice
and it's it's a nice good summer summer
fall week I say because you're
transitioning from summer into fall so
yeah this is it hope you liked it thank
you